yeah yeah the busines business well i am
from my understanding i'm will even pick
up to la la baby i saw yes we mean it
never changes but the area we should i
freeze it because from same hormones are
my girls and what I could never really
this I love paradise we be chillin in
the lease with the girls up from became
an island and coffee if we hadn't known
emphasize taking pictures under which
estas to be outside for the very windy
been proposed to cover it with a huge
know she was supposed to be returning
kicks at the mall that's what I have to
go to Jersey
so I
in
forget
the tender comfy but my hair
nvidia sebastopol stay but what when i
am done
I
Oh
college friends down in the Bahamas
what's the Porto Rico i lo island girls
I'm Fonda in the kitchen johnnycake
conclusion run was it see when they all
came down to send time a shark and make
with my favorite player was a camera but
corona me but the indie luv as what her
favorite time don't you the morning so
what two key there's a promise Jimmy
young coconut butter speakers in the air
when I boom boom sha whispered in the
ear when I made her laugh cuz
suggestions that I hate cuz she thinking
that she's my she's a real out of the
girl I can tell by the way she talks
must be something in the water cuz i
love the way she won't from the British
to Americans aniga looking lady and we
love them sexy girls is so easy you
should understand even
so I could fly away on the island girls
are so we're white so I just had to see
you are
Oh
we love you
our Island
Oh
enough I know Nina circle carnevale
invite by the world to chime in addition
since the ellender dominica boys and
girls who the gallon from Jamaica got a
wicked islaam really not my asian girls
you know you are dealing in this and
guadalupe we love the cute girl you're
not know you wanna save me
I can't explain the feeling that I get
when they be running with their hands up
to the ceiling she got me hooked around
the back in the pen in hand I'm good
enough to know what it showed he does it
for a reason you got them goodies flown
just a little bit she wrote a beautiful
to me to seem legit between us
builders the snow was awesome /
Lexington where he felt like music so
the pelvis angel photography AP
photo/joe everything of jeju island girl
I
must be V dealer a drastic again
on thurs nothing on Okinawa holidays
you